$id,name,intro,intro2,intro3,intro4
300000,Gaia,"Gaia is skilled with his assault rifle, and is well-balanced overall. He is captain of the Specter Mercenaries, going by the nickname ""Specter Eagle"". He is a natural leader, and has earned the respect of the mercenaries.","Gaia is skilled with his assault rifle, and is well-balanced overall.",DPS,Balanced
300001,Theodor,"Lieutenant in the Specter Mercenaries, he has enormous firepower, muscular physique and can carry a heavy load. His nickname is ""Butcher 1"". He excels in defending with his heavy machine gun, but his speed and agility are slightly below average. But with his massive damage dealing capability, these are no major problems.","Lieutenant in the Specter Mercenaries, he has enormous firepower, a muscular physique and can carry a heavy load.",Tank,Wall
300002,Saisi,"Saisi's nickname is ""Whiz Kid"". His personality is eccentric and his wild behavior can be annoying to others. But he is surprisingly effective on the battlefield, and can often turn the tide of battle. He is one of the the most agile mercenaries. Those who underestimate him are in for a nasty surprise.","Saisi's nickname is ""Whiz Kid"". His personality is eccentric and his wild behavior can be annoying to others.",DPS,Agile
300003,Joan,"Often considered the brains of the Specter Mercenaries, Joan is quiet and cool, going by the nickname ""Apocalypse Rose"". She is an excellent sniper, and with her scout ability, she can warn her teammates of approaching danger. Her greatest strength is keeping her cool at all times, and she has the will to survive in a post-apocalyptic world.","Often considered the brains of the Specter Mercenaries, Joan is quiet and cool, going by the nickname ""Apocalypse Rose"".",DPS,H-Sniper
300004,Fox,"Fox's nickname is ""Medic Fox"", and her medical skills are rare in the post-apocalyptic world in which she lives. She excels in healling teammates, but she can also defend herself effectively, and her combat skills are above aJoange. She wields poison that can weaken enemies until they are helpless.","Fox's nickname is ""Medic Fox"", and her medical skills are rare in the post-apocalyptic world in which she lives.",Support,Heal
300005,Li Long,"Called ""Knight of the East"", Li Long is an nimble and skilled warrior. Of mysterious origins, Li Long is one of few people who have the ability to single-handedly kill the shadowbeast. While he can use firearms, what sets him apart is his ability to use ancient weapons effectively in modern times. ","Called ""Knight of the East"", Li Long is an nimble and skilled warrior. Of mysterious origins, Li Long has the ability to single-handedly kill the shadowbeast. ",DPS,Skillful
300006,Catherine,"At the age of only 14, Catherine is already an important member of the Specter Mercenaries, and has earned the nickname ""Dynamite Girl"". After her entire family was devoured by the shadowbeast, she survived the apocalypse on her own. Due to her tragic past, she has a violent temper, but is also extremely resourceful. She can craft traps out of almost anything, and her skills are critical to the success of her team. ","At the age of only 14, Catherine is already an important member of the Specter Mercenaries, and has earned the nickname ""Dynamite Girl"". ",DPS,Summoner
300007,Logan,"Logan is a cold-blooded assassin with the nickname ""Killing Machine"". He is often selected for special missions. He often uses a rocket launcher to deal damage to multiple targets and ""carpet bombs"" the enemy, and he enjoys watching the destruction. He is also one of the smarter members and often represents the mercenaries in negotiations with other groups.","Logan is a cold-blooded assassin with the nickname ""Killing Machine"". He is often selected for special missions. ",Tank,Melee
300008,Amir,"Amir is a ""son of the sands"", a descendant of Arab royalty. He carries himself with pride and his warrior lineage gives him unparalleled strength, even in the postapocalyptic world. He is considered the secret weapon of the Specter Mercenaries.","Amir is a ""son of the sands"", a descendant of Arab royalty.",Support,Controller
300009,Goro,"Goro is known as the ""Doomsday Ninja"". As the worlds last remaining Ninja, Goro can fuse modern technology with ancient Ninja techniques, and his ability to quickly disappear and reappear makes it difficult to defend against him. He double-wields large caliber pistols, and invented his own style of gun-based martial arts.","Goro is known as the ""Doomsday Ninja"". As the worlds last remaining Ninja, Goro can fuse modern technology with ancient Ninja techniques.",DPS,Skillful
300010,FireKing,"FireKing is master of flames, carrying a large flamethrower which can be deadly to any enemy. He has an extremely violent personality. Any provocation can lead him to scorch whoever dared to insult him.","FireKing is master of flames, carrying a large flamethrower which can be deadly to any enemy. He has an extremely violent personality.",Tank,Flame
300011,Nasha,"Nasha's is one of the era's most renowned hunters. She carries an electromagnetic crossbow, and has near-perfect aim. She is also skilled at laying traps. Her electrobow gives her strong damage-dealing potential, and her traps can keep her alive when being pursued by enemies. In this world, her survival skills make her a real asset.","Nasha's is one of the era's most renowned hunters. She carries an electromagnetic crossbow, and has near-perfect aim.",DPS,L-Sniper
500101,Mech,Mech,Mech,Mech,Mech
