$list_id,name,intro
1,Team Battle,"1. The team battle leaderboard is ranked based on the team scores of every member of the team (Custom and Entertainment modes are not counted). 
2. If two teams have the same score, the rank is based on the number of MVP acquired.
3. Only players who participated in more than 50 team battles are qualified to be ranked in this leaderboard."
2,Level,"1. The Level Leaderboards are based on the level of each player. 
2. If two players are at the same level, the one who acquired more exp will get a higher rank.
3. If two players are at the same level and EXP amount, the time it took them to reach that level will serve as a tiebreaker."
3,Deathmatch\nChampion,"1. The Deathmatch leaderboards are based on the rate of each player getting the champion title from Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch and Newbie Area.
2. If players gets the same rate, the tiebreaker is the number of kills each player has in these modes.
3. Only the players who acquired champion title at least 50 times are qualified to be ranked in this leaderboard."
4,Deathmatch\nMaster,"1. The Deathmatch Master leaderboard ranks are determined by hero operating level during the Deathmatch combats.
2. Hero Score = champion times with the hero/deathmatch times*10,000
3. Only the players who got at least 20 times of champions with specific heroes are qualified to be ranked in this leaderboard."
5,Battle Master,"1. The Battle Master leaderboard ranks are determined by hero operating level during the battles.
2. Hero Score = winning rate of specific hero *10,000 plus winning times.
3. Only the players who got at least 20 wins with specific heroes are qualified to be ranked in this leaderboard."
6,Qualifying\nMatch,"1. This Leaderboard is ranked by the Qualifying Match ranking of each player. 
2. The top 50 players of Legend rank will be entitled as Eternal Legend.
3. The Eternal Legend list refreshes everyday at 5:00 AM.
4. Players who haven't joint Qualifying Match combat will not be ranked in this leaderboard."
7,Eternal Legend,Top 10 players of Legend rank.
11,Last Week's Legion Activity Rankings,Last Week's Legion Activity Rankings
12,Weekly Legion Activity Rankings,Weekly Legion Activity Rankings
13,Legion Activity Rankings (Season),Seasonal Legion Activity Rankings
14,Seasonal Legion Battle Score Ranking,Seasonal Legion Battle Score Ranking
15,Weekly Legion Battle Score Ranking,Weekly Legion Battle Score Ranking
16,Seasonal Corps Battle Individual Score Ranking,Seasonal Legion Battle of Individual Score Ranking
17,Weekly Corps Battle Individual Score Ranking,Weekly Legion Battle of Individual Score Ranking
